wee
Ah
Chocolate comes in . Pick a factory.
Put the plan and then put the butter spoon degree 4
Where will I melt the microwave
House
And then another and another in my balls,
Take to come
About 1 cup of sugar I put about 3 cups and 1 cup of government
4 I do not mind if I do not like it.
Sugar is just enough to melt a little.
Ah
Oh , the chocolates are all melted . I'm going with the five elements. Well,
There are many.
Now you have a buttermilk butter and chocolate
Can I mix well and pour us a note yeogida is now going to prepare the shed so
When I'm on the road Oh oh
If you add 5 more spirits and mix well
In addition, the cacao powder and then the quarantine part 4 with cacao powder
I put about three quarters of a cup. Then I got three quarters of an army.
I did not have anything to do with the actual hit class.
90 minutes, so I mixed it right now.
Just be mixed more or no less adventurous After the end looks completely awful Jinhae Do
You can put an etheread.
We did it well.
If the surface here is not quite so cool,
Episode 4 Part Fu does in the UK, please tap the local action toktok
It is finished when I turn for 4 15 seconds with microwave o Oh why
It's perfect.
You know that the real
Ah
wake up our
The Chief Candy Lee